{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf440
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red191\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue191;
\red0\green115\blue0;\red191\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs18 \cf2 // How to use MiroEnvironment's to set up your instruments / environments / etc\cf3 \
\
\cf2 // Push to top - this means you're using the \\wind environment\cf3 \
\cf4 MiroEnvironment\cf3 .get(\cf5 \\wind\cf3 ).push;\
\
~init = \{\
	\cf2 // Initialization stuff.\cf3 \
	\cf2 // This gets run at the VERY beginning, when the server is booted, only once.\cf3 \
	\cf2 // This should be setup stuff, but probably shouldn't include setting Busses, Buffers, etc.\cf3 \
\}\
\
~prepare = \{\
	\cf2 // This is run just before playback is started.\cf3 \
	\cf2 // This should include most of your setup of instruments, buffers, busses, \cf3 \
	\cf2 // sending synth defs, etc.\cf3 \
\}\
\
~play = \{\
	\cf2 // This should start playback.\cf3 \
\}\
\
~stop = \{\
	\cf2 // This should stop playback\cf3 \
	\cf2 // This one is option, since I don't know if we have any situations where we'd need to stop\cf3 \
	\cf2 // things before they were done.\cf3 \
\}\
\
~free = \{\
	\cf2 // This should free ALL resources - busses, buffers, ctk things, etc.\cf3 \
	\cf2 // Nothing should be playing back or existing at all when this is done.\cf3 \
\}\
\
\cf2 // Pop back out of the environment to finish.\cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf4 MiroEnvironment\cf3 .get(\cf5 \\wind\cf3 ).pop;\
\
\
\cf2 /*\
Now, our master playback engine will call the init, prepare, play, and free functions when it needs to, to get the process running.\
\
Some notes....\
These lines of code:\
	MiroEnvironment.get(\\myEnv).free;\
	\cf6 MiroEnvironment.get(\\myEnv).init;\
	MiroEnvironment.get(\\myEnv).prepare;\
Should completely reset the instrument and get it ready for playback again.\
\
To tell the playback system that you're finished, run:\
	MiroEnvironment.get(\\myEnv).finish\
\cf2 Don't worry about stopping or freeing yourself - that will be taken care of.\
Start to try to adapt your instruments / file to this format now - the more of this we get done now, the smoother it will go later on.\
Let me know if you have any questions.\
*/\cf3 \
\
}